[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today,
on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are with former US
Marine Mike Herrera.
Mike is a veteran with a
distinguished service record.
Today, we discuss
the P3 program.
Mike, welcome to the show.
>>MIKE HERRERA: Hey, thank
you for having me on Emery.
>>EMERY: So what is this
P3 program you speak of?
>>HERRERA: So P3 stands
for Psionic Predisposition
Potential.
That's basically
kind of the door
to screen these people
in order to partake
in the other programs
that they have.
So P3, just think of
it as like the door
to screen these people
before they can come in.
And the way that they
screen these people
is based off of the demographic
of being very enlightened
spiritually, as
well as consciously.
So they essentially have people
from Third World countries
that participate in
this because they're not
sitting behind a television
staring at this all day.
>>EMERY: They're
not pre-programmed.
>>HERRERA: No they're not.
So the fact that they
come from these areas.
The other demographic too
is people from the Bureau
of Indian Affairs.
They also do this
because the fact
that they're spiritually
adept in a very advanced level
of consciousness compared
to average people.
>>EMERY: Are there certain
countries that they go after
for these P3 people other than--
is there someone that's more
conscious than the other
around the world?
>>HERRERA: I have no idea
to tell you the truth.
But I just know that it's
Third World countries
as we talked about before.
It's like the United States
trying to find a cheaper labor
force outside of this country.
They're doing the same thing.
Obviously, because
of the demographic
of people being
spiritually elevated.
>>EMERY: And how are
they measuring that?
>>HERRERA: That I don't know.
I know the demographic of people
is mainly women and children.
And some gay men are the
ones that they also seek to.
Those are usually at
least from the contact
that has briefed me on
this-- that is usually
the people he's ran across that
have these specific traits.
>>EMERY: OK.
What kind of technology
is involved with this?
>>HERRERA: I don't
know the extent of how
they screen these people.
But they get them into these
facilities or these programs.
So these people essentially can
hook up to advanced technology
and ET technology.
So the black team in a sense
has created technologies that
can hook up to these P3 assets.
And then the P3 assets
hook up to the technology.
So if you think about
it as black team being
A, psionic person or P3 being B,
and the ET and AT being C. So,
essentially, A can
control C through B.
>>EMERY: So why do they
need these P3 beings?
>>HERRERA: Well, the black
teams cannot control the craft
or the technology
just by themselves.
They're not at that level.
So that's why they
have to put this labor
force of people
who are consciously
adept to actually do it.
So they're using these
people with this technology
to connect to this
other technology.
So my understanding--
I mean, because these
are militaristic people, being
as a black team operative
with these people, being
from Special Operations
of all walks of life, even
contracting companies,
if you will, they're not at
a spiritually adept level.
I'm sure that some are.
But these people can do
some very amazing things
with their consciousness.
>>EMERY: You mentioned people
from South America and others.
Do you think there's some sort
of genetic lineage or something
that's in them that makes this
a little bit more adept to this?
>>HERRERA: Yes, genetically
speaking, I'm sure there is.
And they've kind of explained
it more on a genetic level.
But I mean, if coming
from somebody who's
learning about this as
much as everybody else is,
so I'm having to kind of
figure out what they're saying
and how--
>>EMERY: Piece it together.
>>HERRERA: Exactly.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
>>HERRERA: So I
mean, somebody who
does this for a living
day in and day out,
they could tell you like
the back of their hand
on how they screen it
or what these people's
genetic abilities
or at least how
they screen the genetic
predispositions for that.
>>EMERY: Mike, what
kind of numbers
are we talking about
with these P3 beings.
We're talking hundreds a
month, a thousand a year
or how many people are
they collecting for this?
>>HERRERA: From
what I understand
because these people,
again, are human,
so they're susceptible
to obviously
the adverse effects that come
from operating this machinery,
if you will, as well as the
drugs that they flood them
with.
So they're flooding
with serotonin
and a bunch of other
uppers because it also
keeps in a very high
consciousness level.
It's almost like somebody
going through hospice
who's dying of cancer.
Well, they flood them
with these similar drugs.
And they're feeling good.
They don't feel
like they're dying.
So they partake
in these programs
because they feel
good all the time
until the inevitable happens,
which is unfortunate.
>>EMERY: And what is that?
>>HERRERA: Well, obviously,
dying from the drug overdoses
that they're doing
with these uppers.
>>EMERY: So there's a shelf
life on these human beings.
>>HERRERA: Yes, there is.
So that's why they have to
continually keep refreshing
the stock, if you will.
>>EMERY: And how long is that?
>>HERRERA: It spans from--
I've heard instances where
as soon as somebody gets
hooked up to this machine
that they either die
or some best case
goes to a coma.
Not everybody has this.
But on their earlier
stages of when
they were refining this
project of hooking people up
to this advanced technology--
>>EMERY: Is it like after
a month, a year or--
>>HERRERA: I don't know
the specifics of that.
I think it just depends on
what the person's threshold is
directly.
>>EMERY: So they're
a disposable item.
>>HERRERA: Pretty much.
That's why they call
them assets or P3 assets.
>>EMERY: Right, assets
>>HERRERA: Pink assets.
>>EMERY: And this
equipment, where does it
come from originally,
talking about the interface
between the P3, the
ET, and the agent?
>>HERRERA: Well, I
don't know specifically.
I'm assuming that
it's coming from
extraterrestrial technologies
that actually incorporate
into these P3 assets.
So it's essentially a
device that can control.
So if I was to plug
something into you
and you have the
predisposition to hook up
to this advanced technology
and craft, then I control you,
what you're doing,
and then you're
going to relay the
information on how
we can utilize that
equipment either they
can turn it into
a weapon system,
into some sort of other
advanced technology,
or even reverse engineer craft.
>>EMERY: Now how far advanced
is this technology compared
to human technology today?
>>HERRERA: Form what I
understand thousands of years.
I mean, from what I've
personally witnessed, I mean,
that is way beyond cutting edge.
And I thought--
>>EMERY: Is this a
form of consciousness
assisted technology?
>>HERRERA: Yes, very
advanced, something
that-- because when people start
coming out with Consciousness
Associated Technology or CATs.
I mean, that was in the '80s.
And present day,
I'm sure they've
refined this well
over the years,
even coming in contact with
probably other methods of how
to utilize this.
>>EMERY: Why haven't
they figured out
a way to eliminate the
P3 being and go direct
with these craft and
their technologies?
>>HERRERA: I mean,
the only way I
can describe it is like you're
trying to have a plumber
work on a nuclear reactor.
He's not going to know that.
He's not a physicist or
know how to do anything
like that it's the same.
You're taking--
>>EMERY: Something can't be
taught is what you're saying.
>>HERRERA: Yes.
>>EMERY: You have to be born
with this consciousness.
>>HERRERA: Yes, you either
have it or you don't.
>>EMERY: OK.
So you said these beings can
go for just a certain amount
of time with the psionics and
the energy and technology.
Why can't they be
tweaked a little bit
not to handle so much volume?
>>HERRERA: Well, I'm
assuming that that's
what they've been doing
over the years is perfecting
this system.
Because I mean, it does
take a lot of assets
to go retrieve people, having
to screen them, and then
bring them back
to an installation
and having to do the
indoctrination into this,
if you will.
So I mean, you have
people who are already
familiar with the program
they're already in it.
I would make more sense
to refine the system
and actually keep
them more stable,
compared to just
having to rotate people
in and out because of
the inevitable death that
occurs from dealing with this.
Obviously, that's
what I'm being told.
When it comes to
actual knowledge,
firsthand, I don't
have that, so I
have to go off of what
they're telling me
when they're actually
interacting with these people
and seeing this firsthand
on their account.
>>EMERY: Are these P3s located
in one specific facility?
Do they have living quarters,
or are they just worldwide?
>>HERRERA: They're worldwide.
They have living quarters.
They've got medical.
They've got everything, all the
necessities provided to them.
They have things that they
can't get anywhere else.
Not only that, but--
>>EMERY: They are
compartmentalized.
They can't pick up a
phone and call mom.
>>HERRERA: No.
No.
Well, realistic, from
what I understand
is they don't have
anybody to call.
I mean, obviously,
if it depends on--
let's say, a whole family
has this ability, or at least
this predisposition, then
I'm assuming the whole family
is going to go with.
So they're going to keep
everything integrated
with that, instead of having
just a segment certain people
and say, hey, now
they can't call home
or whatever it is, right?
>>EMERY: So is there
agents, Mike, that go out,
let's just say in Zimbabwe, and
they start looking for people?
How do they find
these specific P3
individuals that are gifted
with this high consciousness?
>>HERRERA: I'm going
to assume that it's
with a certain
demographic of the world,
maybe certain areas
of the world that
are more of a hotspot
for these type of people.
But as far as the
actual screening itself,
I don't know how they do that.
I mean, they could
have s machine that--
>>EMERY: It's like a satellite
and it finds them or--
>>HERRERA: It could be.
>>EMERY: --they're
just conscious,
people out there,
looking, that are
hired to look for these beings.
>>HERRERA: My
assumption would be
that maybe because P3s can
probably connect to each other
as well, that they may be
used P3s to screen others.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>HERRERA: That's my assumption.
>>EMERY: What do we know about
the extraterrestrials that
are engaging with the P3s?
Are this just one species of
race, or is it multiple races?
>>HERRERA: Multiple.
It's not just one specific.
I mean, these P3s have
the conscious ability
to connect to ETs
consciously, too, and connect
to their craft.
As a matter of fact,
when they do this,
at least when they're
retrieving craft
because they're
shooting them down,
it's almost like these P3s
are hijacking that craft,
meaning that it
stunned, and then
that's when they target it
with these weapon systems.
>>EMERY: But the black teams
are working with the ETs.
>>HERRERA: No, the black team's
using the P3s to summon these,
and that's what they're using
these people to essentially
lure them out, and then they
target them, and shoot them out
of the sky.
>>EMERY: Oh, they're specific.
They're for bait.
>>HERRERA: Yes.
Because they can connect.
Black team can't
connect to these beings.
They're not at that level there.
>>EMERY: So the agenda
of the black team
is to use the P3s as bait to
get these higher consciousness
beings to planet Earth
or into this dimension,
so they can take them?
>>HERRERA: Yes.
>>EMERY: And take
the technology.
Is that what they're after?
>>HERRERA: Correct.
>>EMERY: Genetics,
what are they after?
>>HERRERA: Multitude
of that genetics,
I'm sure, because there's
other things that they do.
I mean, I don't
know all about it,
but specific with
the program, then,
yes, they use these P3 assets
to lure these ETs out and target
them.
>>EMERY: Are they
utilizing their genetics
for cloning or hybridization?
>>HERRERA: Yes they are.
They're doing certain
things with cloning
from what my
understanding is, even
with something that's called the
program Life Forms, which are--
I mean, I'm sure some people
are familiar with that.
But it's an ET that
they genetically cloned,
but they integrate
the neurotechnologies
into them to be
controlled by humans.
So in a sense, these PLFs
are almost like a P3 asset
to a degree, being
controlled by a black team's,
for using for false alien
abductions or to scare people.
We've heard all those stories.
>>EMERY: Of course, yeah.
There's P3, like
you said earlier,
that the agent controls them.
So it's like a
remote control thing.
So have they lost all free will?
>>HERRERA: No.
>>EMERY: OK.
>>HERRERA: No, they just know
what they're being a part of.
It's not like they
have a resistance
because you can't
really resist when
you have an
organization that has
weapons and things like that.
>>EMERY: But they don't know
they're going to die either.
They're not briefed on that.
>>HERRERA: No.
I'm sure they're not.
They're humans at the
end of the day, you know?
So if somebody knew
the inevitable was
going to happen--
unless you're very
heroic on that.
But I mean, again, look at the
nature of what they're doing.
They're innocently targeting
innocent ETs, you know?
Federal government
prohibits people
murdering each other, right?
But there's no law that
prohibits humans to murder
extraterrestrials yet.
That's what's going on.
>>EMERY: Has there
ever been a backlash
from the ETs coming back
to the black program?
>>HERRERA: I am
not aware of that.
I've never been
told that, but I'm
sure if there was a backlash,
it would be probably
in the magnitudes that would
affect this whole world.
Because my understanding
is that these ETs know who
they're dealing
with to an extent.
They're not dumb.
I mean, but--
>>EMERY: They must
know that we're
killing them and cloning them.
>>HERRERA: And that's
why they're not--
>>EMERY: Killing our own
humans to capture them.
>>HERRERA: Well, that's why
they're not intervening.
I don't blame them.
They could intervene
at any point.
And maybe one day, they may.
But the relationship
with the P3s,
I'd understand,
for the most time,
it's a positive thing
with the connection
with the extraterrestrials.
But then, you have
the outside element
of these black organizations
that are targeting them.
>>EMERY: How many ET races do
you think have we captured,
and how many species
have been involved
with this horrible program?
>>HERRERA: I don't know
the specifics of that.
I mean, I've heard estimations
throughout the year
that it's been over like 67
different types of species.
I mean, there's always the
hypotheticals with that,
but I don't have
firsthand with that,
so I can't really
exactly answer.
>>EMERY: OK.
A lot of people out
there might think
that the extraterrestrials
are superheroes,
and their craft are
just so invincible.
Why is it that we
have the ability
to capture these individuals,
shoot down their craft?
>>HERRERA: Well, I mean, let's
look at the technologies.
You have what's called scalar
longitudinal weapon systems,
right, which is very
advanced versions of EMPs.
They move faster than
the speed of light.
So if a craft materializes
into their zone
or wherever they're
operating these at,
it's almost instantaneous.
Because as soon as
they materialize,
they have these tracking systems
that immediately lock on.
>>EMERY: Neutrino
light detectors.
>>HERRERA: Exactly.
And that's what they use
to target these things.
So it's instantaneous.
It's not like it destroys
it, but the impact
of them hitting the ground
is, obviously, what does it.
Because of gravity,
by the same token.
I mean, from what I understand,
it's no kinetic weapon system,
like bullets or missiles
that they're using.
I mean, they're using these
very advanced weapon systems
that essentially stuns them.
So you have that in
combination of the P3,
hooking to that craft,
and almost hijacking it.
But then, you have that neutrino
light detectors on these weapon
systems that target them
instantaneously with the scalar
technology that instantly
shoots them down
faster than the speed of light.
>>EMERY: Absolutely.
I always say, once the ET
craft gets here from wherever,
once they get into
this third dimension,
they fall under
the laws and rules
of this scientific dimension.
>>HERRERA: Yes, they do.
>>EMERY: They're
not bulletproof.
>>HERRERA: Yep, and that's how
they've been doing this ever
since 1947.
I mean, people
think that you have
a race that's so advanced
that they can bend space time,
go from one point here,
and, all of a sudden,
just apply to Earth.
In 1947, all of
a sudden, crashed
in a flat high desert
of New Mexico, that
doesn't make any sense to me.
But then, coming back
and understanding
how the history
of this happened,
it makes perfect sense.
>>EMERY: Right.
Have you ever been aware
of P3, through telepathy,
connecting to an ET, to
ask for them to be saved?
>>HERRERA: Not to my knowledge.
I mean, from what I
understand, these people
are treated very well.
So if they're taken care of--
>>EMERY: So they think
they're doing something good.
>>HERRERA: Yes,
well, exactly it.
They're being misled.
So I don't know how many
times these P3s go out
and participate in this.
I don't know if they
think it's a fluke.
If they see something
and shot down.
I don't know if they
keep rotating in and out.
I mean, I don't know
the specifics of that,
but they're being misused.
>>EMERY: Are they also just mind
controlling them to an extent,
in addition to the drugs?
>>HERRERA: My understanding
is that they're all chipped.
>>EMERY: OK.
>>HERRERA: and because
they're chipped, I mean,
there's a lot of
theories to that,
to where they can
probably be controlled.
And I know a lot of the
black team operatives
are chipped as well and
more of a tracking system.
I mean, I can obviously
listen in with other advanced
technologies, compared to using
a tracking device that they've
been implanted.
So that's the other instance.
At least, my understanding is
if they're going to be chipped,
it's for a reason.
>>EMERY: You think
this is a specific
to an American program, or
do you think maybe there's
other maybe countries involved?
>>HERRERA: 100%, there's
other countries involved.
Like I said, these
guys move in and out
of boundaries they don't exist.
>>EMERY: But above the
presidential level.
>>HERRERA: Correct.
>>EMERY: OK.
>>HERRERA: Very well hidden.
It's a big secret they're
keeping for obvious reasons.
These guys are making a lot
of money off of it, too,
but they're also have this
technology that essentially
puts every single human being
in the same level as what
these P3s are even doing.
Because if you have
access to that technology,
then we're all going to be
essentially free energy.
I mean, you don't have to worry
about a combustible engine.
Roadways will probably
be a thing of the past.
>>EMERY: What is their agenda?
I mean, they're going
to collect these craft.
They're going to collect
this genetic material
from these fallen ETs
that have been murdered,
and they're just going
to keep doing this?
And what do they plan to do?
Are they trying
to go into space?
What is this black team
trying to accomplish?
What is the end game for them?
>>HERRERA: From
my understanding--
I've heard this before--
is that they've already
been out in space.
So I don't know if they
want to capitalize on that
and attack other civilizations
on their home planets,
if they're able to do that.
>>EMERY: Are they working
with any extraterrestrials
that you're aware of?
>>HERRERA: In a
negative sense, they
wouldn't be because
I don't think
any ET in their
right mind would want
other civilizations to come in
contact with a murderous human.
I know I wouldn't.
It'll be like having a
stranger come in the street
into your house and
murder everybody.
I wouldn't allow that to happen.
I know nobody would.
>>EMERY: But you
believe that we have--
I mean, the black team
has been in space?
>>HERRERA: Oh, yeah.
>>EMERY: OK.
Have you actually
met P3s before?
>>HERRERA: No.
I do have a chance,
though, coming up.
>>EMERY: Yeah?
Oh, good.
OK.
>>HERRERA: So I get
to see this firsthand.
And it's one of
those things I hope
I don't see someone getting
shot down because that's not
going to put me in a good mood.
>>EMERY: Are you aware of
other programs out there
where ETs are
working side by side?
>>HERRERA: Not to my knowledge.
I've heard some
interesting theories
about that, which somebody
on the outside that may not
be read into that deep
level could assume
that maybe a PLF is
a real ET, that they
could see in a lab
working with scientists.
I could see how
that could play out.
But if we're thinking,
realistically speaking,
you have a program that screens
these people, which is the P3s.
And these P3 assets are
used to connect to ETs,
more for the specifics of
taking their equipment.
So it doesn't really
sound like it's
working together with anybody.
It's just more of
somebody forcefully taking
something against their will and
murdering them in the process.
So could there be
a possibility where
those ETs on this planet
working with people?
Absolutely.
The thing I've
learned about this,
going through this journey
since April of this year,
is that anything
can be possible.
>>EMERY: What
about the P3s being
utilized to do stuff
other than acquire craft?
Are they being utilized,
maybe, to figure out
how to use a weapon or a
different type of technology
that was acquired?
>>HERRERA: Yes, my understanding
is that they're manufacturers.
So they actually
can hook to this
and actually know how to
utilize it to either create
a weapon system based off that
technology, maybe a transport
device, maybe something
medically engineered
to help with them.
And that's the other
interesting thing,
too, is if they can actually
think of something medically,
that's more of an astral level
or something, what an ET would
be able to utilize,
then maybe, in a sense,
that they actually may not
have to rotate through these P3
assets so quickly
because maybe they're
refining with that technology.
But I do know that the P3s
are being used by this group
in order to help them achieve
what they're trying to do,
whether it's something
that's illegal,
unconstitutional, something
that's against human morals.
They're being utilized
in a negative context,
and it's not always
something where they're
being misled saying, hey,
you guys are doing something
good because of the evil
ETs, as well as I do,
if they were evil, we wouldn't
be sitting here right now.
>>EMERY: So you're
saying that they
could be connected to
maybe an extraterrestrial,
learn how to build something,
and then come back,
have the schematics
and everything
and give it to the agent
so they can reproduce this.
>>HERRERA: So I think,
realistically, yes, but I
think the agents are more of
like the force that's holding
them to do these things.
But my understanding is these
P3 assets are also the engineers
to make this stuff, too, because
they're very smart people.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>HERRERA: It's their agents--
because I know that they
have their own scientists.
They have their own admin
personnel, if you will.
Because per scientists,
you're going
to have a logistics
that are having
to do all the other
stuff outside of that.
>>EMERY: Oh, so there's
handlers per P3?
>>HERRERA: Yes, there is.
Yes, there is.
They have their own scientists
in this organization.
They're not coming from
Harvard or Stanford or anything
like that.
They're plucked at
different organizations
or maybe even out of high
school that have higher IQs.
And all of a sudden, they
go into these programs.
And what they think--
again, with anything else,
they're being misled.
So if they're being misled
and think what they're doing
is completely consciously sound,
they're going to keep doing it
until they actually find out
the truth of what they're
being utilized to
do, which is only
benefiting this organization.
It's not benefiting Earth
as a whole, and it could.
>>EMERY: Right.
How could it?
>>HERRERA: Well, think about it.
If you're using P3 assets in
a sense for peaceful purposes,
let's say if the
government had--
we're talking about
maybe in a near future,
where they have P3 assets on
the government side of things.
And they're making contact with
these organizations or even
these extraterrestrials,
but in a peaceful context.
That could even
speed up disclosure
because then, all
of a sudden, people
start seeing these ETs
come out of nowhere.
You know so they could use
it in a positive sense.
But you have greed.
You have corruption.
You have all these other things
that plague these individuals,
and that's all they care about.
So they're going to try to
sequester this technology
from getting out to anybody that
they want the benefits of that.
>>EMERY: Mike, working with
all this negative aspect
of this whole business, how does
it make you feel personally?
>>HERRERA: At first, it
was very disheartening
because it's not something
I enjoy talking about.
Because it is negative, and
it's something that is dark.
Do I see a potential
upside for that?
Yes, and that's why I'm
doing what I'm doing today.
Because if I get more knowledge
into the public's eyes
with this, as well as
everybody else has an open mind
to understand what's
really going on,
then, all of a sudden, let's
say, disclosure does happen
or some intervention does happen
to where, all of a sudden,
this gets put into
a positive sense,
then it could benefit
us as a whole.
So there's got to be a
starting ground at some point.
>>EMERY: Are you
aware of P3s being
used to actually pilot
these craft off planet?
>>HERRERA: Well I think if
they're reverse engineered--
and I think a lot of
people would be able to.
But I think, let's
say, hypothetically,
if they do shoot one of these
down and they can't operate it
or maybe they can get
the P3 to connect to it,
to get it to move,
or to do something.
So, I think, yes, in a sense,
they may have done that.
It wouldn't be
against my surprise
if they do because they're
the ones that connect to it.
They can connect to ETs.
If they can connect to an
ET, and the ET connects
to this craft the same way,
then, obviously, these P3
can also do the same
concept that these ETs do.
Maybe not in a
degree that they can,
but maybe to a little
bit of a degree.
>>EMERY: Right.
Well, you mentioned these P3s
and their higher consciousness.
That's why they're chosen
for this, and they volunteer.
What about the general
population of the planet,
that there are conscious
people out there,
trying to connect with
extraterrestrials on their own?
How do they fall into
category with all this?
>>HERRERA: Well, I mean,
it's certainly possible.
And I know of people
that can do that.
It's very mind blowing
to how they describe it.
I mean, granted they have
to go into a cognitive state
or a state of
consciousness or awareness
through meditation,
which is what I know
a lot of that to happen.
But then, you have the P3s
that don't necessarily have
to go through those measures.
They can just
instantaneously do it.
They don't have to
be at that level.
You know what I
understand, though, too,
is that you have to keep them
very happy and satisfied.
Because if you
have somebody who's
trying to meditate
on angry thoughts,
they're not going to
be able to do this.
You're not to be able to
do anything because you're
so clouded with emotion.
It's keeping you down here now.
If you're elevated,
obviously, you're not
going to have those emotions.
You're going to be more high
spirited and very happy,
which translates to
feelings that are
very encouraging and loving.
So I think people understand
that if you're happy and not
in a negative state, maybe
you do get into meditation
and maybe you're
able to connect,
then I believe that people can
have experiences of their own.
>>EMERY: Mike, for all
the people out there
that are getting
their small groups
and trying to contact
ET craft, would you
encourage them to do that?
>>HERRERA: I would, as long as
it's their peaceful measures.
Obviously, there's nobody
sitting in their house
with these advanced
weapon systems.
They want to bring
something down.
I know people want to see
these things firsthand,
as well as myself, to see what
really is behind the veil.
So I think if it's for
peaceful initiative.
And I always support that,
100%, because, one, you're
going to learn something
more than what yourself.
I mean, we only learn what
we're exposed to daily.
We learn exactly, from
me, coming on to the show
and providing your
viewers and everybody
on this show the understanding
of what's really going on.
So they're getting this
more new knowledge.
My goal with this is at least
to take this new knowledge,
eventually transfer it to a
peaceful means of operations
to actually get
more of a disclosure
and more of an involvement
from both aspects here
of ETs and human integration.
And maybe humanity
takes off from there.
That's at least my
wishful thinking.
>>EMERY: Right.
I think a lot of
people out there
that are going and trying
to contact extraterrestrials
have a really good positive
energy about doing it.
And I don't think
that would fall
into a category of a
being P3 volunteer.
What do you think?
>>HERRERA: No.
I mean, if a P3 is
being misled to do this,
and they're being told
every single day that what
you're doing is great.
Keep it up.
You're getting attaboys or
however they create incentives
for these guys, as
opposed to somebody
who is not in that
program that's maybe
an elevated level of
consciousness that
are having contact experiences.
I think that's why
a lot of people
are seeing things that they
can't explain in the skies that
are not made, that they
can definitely tell
are organic to a degree.
And I think a lot
of it may come up
from these people that
are not in those programs,
but they're aware
of what they can do.
>>EMERY: See, it's
a protection for you
and I to continue doing CE-5s.
>>HERRERA: Yes, it is.
>>EMERY: Well, Mike,
I want to thank you
for being on the show.
It's been very informative, and
thanks for being so honorable.
>>HERRERA: Well, thank
you for having me on
and allow this
disclosure to happen.
>>EMERY: My name is
Emory Smith, and this
is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]